Dokka Gradle plugin doc update (#4354)
orangy/dokka: dokka-subprojects/plugin-gfm/README.md

# GFM plugin

> > This content applies to Dokka Gradle plugin (DGP) v2 mode. The previous DGP v1 mode is no longer supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following applies to Dokka Gradle plugin (DGP) v2 mode. The DGP v1 mode is no longer supported.
```

            dokkaPlugin(dokka("gfm-plugin"))

            // Sets up multimodule generation
            formatDependencies.dokkaPublicationPluginClasspathApiOnly.dependencies.addLater(
                dokka("gfm-template-processing-plugin")
            )
        }
    }
}
// Applies the plugin
apply<DokkaMarkdownPlugin>()
```

Once you applied the plugin, you can run the following tasks:
* `dokkaGenerate` to generate documentation in [all available formats based on the applied plugins](dokka-gradle.md#configure-documentation-output-format).
* `dokkaGenerateMarkdown` to generate documentation only in Markdown format.

## Maven

Since the GFM format is implemented as a [Dokka plugin](dokka-plugins.md#apply-dokka-plugins),
you need to apply it as a plugin
dependency:

```xml
<plugin>
    <groupId>org.jetbrains.dokka</groupId>
    <artifactId>dokka-maven-plugin</artifactId>
    ...
    <configuration>
        <dokkaPlugins>
            <plugin>
                <groupId>org.jetbrains.dokka</groupId>
                <artifactId>gfm-plugin</artifactId>
                <version>%dokkaVersion%</version>
            </plugin>
        </dokkaPlugins>
    </configuration>
</plugin>
```

> After configuring this, running the `dokka:dokka` goal produces documentation in GFM format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuring this, run the `dokka:dokka` goal to produce documentation in GFM format.
```

# GFM plugin

> This content applies to Dokka Gradle plugin (DGP) v2 mode. The previous DGP v1 mode is no longer supported.
> If you're upgrading from v1 to v2 mode, see the [Migration guide](dokka-migration.md).

The GFM plugin adds the ability to generate documentation in in [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://github.github.com/gfm/) format. 
It supports both multi-project builds and multiplatform projects.

This format gives you more freedom in terms of hosting documentation as the output can be embedded right into your
documentation website. 

> For example, see [OkHttp's API reference](https://square.github.io/okhttp/5.x/okhttp/okhttp3/)

Reviewer 2: Let's remove this line, as looks like they are now using our HTML format :)
